readme.md, before:

# SONATA for Arbor

### Build the example and unit tests
#### Clone and build the arbor library in the `install-arbor` directory
```
$ cd install-arbor
$ ./install-local.sh
```
#### Generate unit test input (hdf5 files)
```
$ cd test/unit/inputs
$ python generate/gen_edges.py
$ python generate/gen_nodes.py
$ python generate/gen_spikes.py
```

#### Generate example input (hdf5 files)
```
$ cd example/network
$ python generate/gen_edges.py
$ python generate/gen_nodes.py
$ cd ../inputs
$ python generate/gen_spikes.py
```
#### Enter the correct paths
* The paths have to be hard coded (for now)
* The following files need to be modified
  * example/circuit_config.json
  * example/network/edge_types.csv
  * example/network/node_types.csv
  * example/simulation_config.json



#### Build the sonata library, unit tests and example
```
$ mkdir build && cd build
$ cmake .. -Darbor_DIR=/path/to/arbor-sonata/install-arbor/install/lib/cmake/arbor -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=release
$ make
```

#### Run the unit tests
```
$ ./bin/unit
```

#### Run the example
```
$ ./bin/sonata-example ../example/simulation_config.json
```
##### Expected outcome of running the example:
* **2492** spikes generated
* Output spikes report: `output_spikes.h5`
* Voltage and current probe reports: `voltage_report.h5` and `current_report.h5`

Commit message:

Big update (#22)
- Makes repo compatible with Arbor 0.8.1+ (current master to be precise).
- CI setup for all steps in readme. Example is failing.

TODO

- Fix `example`.
- Deal more properly with https://github.com/arbor-sim/arbor/pull/1504. For the moment, sources are "synapse@#" and targets "detector@#".
- Fudge num_branches test for `soma_branch.swc`, understand why.

MAYBE

- rename and split `example`. It's basically a Sonata simulation runner. The app and example sim could be split.
- make Arbor a submodule, or look for it on the system, rather than building it.

readme.md, after:

# SONATA for Arbor

### Build the example and unit tests

#### Optional: Clone and build the arbor library in the `install-arbor` directory

Have Arbor installed somewhere, e.g. /home/you/.local. Alternatively:

```
$ cd install-arbor
$ ./install-local.sh
```

#### Generate unit test input (hdf5 files)

Make sure you have `h5py` installed. Make sure to delete existing files if regenerating, otherwise you seem to end with corrupted h5 files.
```
$ cd test/unit/inputs
$ python generate/gen_edges.py
$ python generate/gen_nodes.py
$ python generate/gen_spikes.py
```

#### Generate example input (hdf5 files)

Make sure you have `h5py` installed. Make sure to delete existing files if regenerating, otherwise you seem to end with corrupted h5 files.
```
$ cd example/network
$ python generate/gen_edges.py
$ python generate/gen_nodes.py
$ cd ../inputs
$ python generate/gen_spikes.py
```

#### Enter the correct paths

* The paths have to be hard coded (for now)
* The following files need to be modified
  * example/circuit_config.json
  * example/network/edge_types.csv
  * example/network/node_types.csv
  * example/simulation_config.json

#### Build the sonata library, unit tests and example

Make sure you have an hdf5 development package installed, e.g. `libhdf5-dev`.
```
$ mkdir build && cd build
$ cmake .. -Darbor_DIR=/absolute/path/to/install-arbor/install/lib/cmake/arbor -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=release
$ make
```

#### Run the unit tests
```
$ ./build/bin/unit
```

#### Run the example
```
$ ./build/bin/example example/simulation_config.json
```
##### Expected outcome of running the example:
* **2492** spikes generated
* Output spikes report: `output_spikes.h5`
* Voltage and current probe reports: `voltage_report.h5` and `current_report.h5`
